[WIP] Update guidance for creating issues on GitHub (#6542)
microsoft/AL: README.MD

• [Building Your First Sample Extension](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-extension-example)  
• [Developer Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-reference-overview)  

## Bugs and Feature Requests

If you have encountered a bug or you have a feature request, please first read the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and then search for existing and closed issues.  

Bugs pertaining to the AL compiler and the developer tools for the latest version can be filed in this repository. We will respond to these issues on a best-effort basis.  

See the [triage process](https://github.com/Microsoft/AL/wiki/Triage-Process) document for more information on how we handle incoming requests.

## Community

Our answers to frequently asked questions can be found in our [FAQ](https://github.com/Microsoft/AL/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions). To get help from community members please use one of the following resources:

- [Business Central Community](https://community.dynamics.com/business/f/758)  
- [mibuso forum](https://forum.mibuso.com/categories/nav-three-tier)  

> - [Dynamics User Group](https://dynamicsuser.net/nav/f/developers)  

Reviewer: (not mentioning Office Hours here as not supporting cross partner collaboration)
```suggestion
- [Dynamics User Group](https://dynamicsuser.net/nav/f/developers)  
- [Yammer groups for partners] (https://aka.ms/BCYammer)
```

## Related Projects

The following repositories can provide additional resources depending on the issues that you are facing:

- [Microsoft AL application foundation modules and application add-ons for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central](https://github.com/microsoft/ALAppExtensions)
- [Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central Docs](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/dynamics365smb-devitpro-pb)

> - [Official Microsoft repository for NavContainerHelper, a PowerShell module, which makes it easier to work with Nav Containers on Docker.](https://github.com/Microsoft/navcontainerhelper)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Official Microsoft repository for BcContainerHelper, a PowerShell module, which makes it easier to work with BC Containers on Docker.](https://github.com/Microsoft/navcontainerhelper)
```
